gangdevils.info
===============

GangDevils is a text-based online RPG set in Street Mafia, a dark, murky underworld where only the sharpest survive. In GangDevils you can be anyone and do anything. Build your character to infinite strengths and play it your way.  GangDevils is a massively multiplayer game with thousands of active players around the world. Join them, attack them, befriend them, marry them, trade with them, compete with them. Whatever you do, do it now!  Crimes  In the long run crimes are your biggest source of income as you progress through the game. You will start off doing petty crimes searching for a few dollars in back streets. As you work your way up so will your income. Patience is the key to success in the world of crime.  Gym  This is in most cases your most important factor throughout the game. Training your battle statistics is vital for defending yourself and being able to successfully win in fights against your opponents. You will need to find a method of training which suits you best. Will you be a player who deals the biggest blows? Or will you sit back and let your defence protect you against the strongest? You must choose your path wisely.  Recruit  Are you skilled in advertising? Then recruiting can easily make you a few extra million! Recruiting is by far the best way to earn a large amount of cash in GangDevils. Education Courses and jobs One of the first things you should do when joining is to consider which job to choose. Each has their own specials and different income amounts. Education courses are also available to help you get promoted faster or unlock new abilities.  But these are just a few things available to do in our world, so why not come join us? //
